Experimental - Reduce # of connections effectively used to gossip transactions out (#1558)
cometbft/cometbft: .changelog/unreleased/improvements/1558-experimental-gossip-limiting.md

> - `[mempool]` Only gossip transactions to a subset of the connections,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[mempool]` Only gossip transactions to a subset of the connected peers,
```
